README.md, before:

# Dice project

This will be a single object project to work further into TDD.
In this file I will document the process as detailed as possible to rethink about every part of it.

## Index

[Start](#Starting-the-project) <br />
[First Story](#First-user-story) <br />
[Second story](#Second-user-story) <br />

### Starting the project

To start the project I made a new directory for the project, then initialised git and rspec.

```shell
$ mkdir dice
$ cd dice
$ git init
Initialized empty Git repository in /Users/saicam/Documents/projects/dice/.git/
$ rspec --init
  create   .rspec
  create   spec/spec_helper.rb
  ```
After that I made the rest of the folders tree and the README.md file

```shell
$ touch README.md
$ touch ./spec/dice_spec.rb
$ mkdir lib
$ touch lib/dice.rb
```
At this point I realised that I skipped the first steps of TDD.
I carry on making a new project in [GitHub](https://github.com/Saicam/dice), commiting the start of the project, adding a new remote to the GitHub poroject and pushing the project to GitHub

```shell
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "Project start"
5 files changed, 101 insertions(+)
create mode 100644 .rspec
create mode 100644 README.md
create mode 100644 lib/dice.rb
create mode 100644 spec/dice_spec.rb
create mode 100644 spec/spec_helper.rb
$ git remote add origin git@github.com:Saicam/dice.git
$ git push origin master
```

### User Stories

We have five different user stories to define our object.

>As a board game player,
So that I can play a game
I want to be able to roll a dice

>As a board game player,
So that I know how many steps I should move
Rolling a dice should give me a number between 1 and 6

>As a dice app developer,
So that I give players a good game experience
I want the dice roll to be randomly picked

>As a board game player,
So that I can play many types of games
I want to be able to roll any number of dice at the same time

>As a board game player,
So that I know what my score was when I rolled several dice
I want to get the result of each dice roll

We can see from the stories (and for the definition of the project itself) that we only need one object, a dice. and that it will receive the message to roll.

### First story

We will focus in the first story first.

>As a board game player,
So that I can play a game
I want to be able to roll a dice

First we need to feature test that the object dice respond to the roll messeage.

```shell
$ irb -r ./lib/dice.rb
2.2.3 :001 > d = Dice.new
NameError: uninitialized constant Dice
	from (irb):1
	from /Users/saicam/.rvm/rubies/ruby-2.2.3/bin/irb:11:in <main>
```

As we can see we don't have any Dice constant class, so let make it.

In [dice.rb](./lib/dice.rb) we add:

```ruby
class Dice
end
```
 In the next feature test I can see Dice exist.

 ```shell
 2.2.3 :001 > d = Dice.new
 => #<Dice:0x007f9ee8a72db0>
 ```

 Now we need to do a test to check if it responds to `roll`.

 In [dice_spec.rb](./lib/dice_spec.rb) we add:

 ```ruby
 require "dice"

 describe Dice do
   it { is_expected.to respond_to :roll }
 end
 ```

 Now we have a test we don't pass, let's try to make it pass.

 To make the Dice respond to `roll` we need to define that method in [dice.rb](./lib/dice.rb) by adding:

 ```ruby
 def roll
 end
 ```

 With this our test is Green and we move on the next user story.

 ### Second user story

We will focus in the second story for this part.
 >As a board game player,
 So that I know how many steps I should move
 Rolling a dice should give me a number between 1 and 6

In this story we see that the user expect to get a number between 1 and 6 when `roll` the dice. Lets test it in irb first.

```shell
2.2.3 :001 > d = Dice.new
 => #<Dice:0x007ff8a4046b00>
2.2.3 :002 > score = d.roll
 => nil
 ```

Commit message:

roll now return a 2 so it will give back a number between 1 and 6

README.md, after:

# Dice project

This will be a single object project to work further into TDD.
In this file I will document the process as detailed as possible to rethink about every part of it.

## Index

[Start](#Starting-the-project) <br />
[First Story](#First-story) <br />
[Second story](#Second-story) <br />

### Starting the project

To start the project We made a new directory for the project, then initialised git and rspec.

```shell
$ mkdir dice
$ cd dice
$ git init
Initialized empty Git repository in /Users/saicam/Documents/projects/dice/.git/
$ rspec --init
  create   .rspec
  create   spec/spec_helper.rb
  ```
After that I made the rest of the folders tree and the README.md file

```shell
$ touch README.md
$ touch ./spec/dice_spec.rb
$ mkdir lib
$ touch lib/dice.rb
```
At this point I realised that I skipped the first steps of TDD.
I carry on making a new project in [GitHub](https://github.com/Saicam/dice), commiting the start of the project, adding a new remote to the GitHub poroject and pushing the project to GitHub

```shell
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "Project start"
5 files changed, 101 insertions(+)
create mode 100644 .rspec
create mode 100644 README.md
create mode 100644 lib/dice.rb
create mode 100644 spec/dice_spec.rb
create mode 100644 spec/spec_helper.rb
$ git remote add origin git@github.com:Saicam/dice.git
$ git push origin master
```

### User Stories

We have five different user stories to define our object.

>As a board game player,
So that I can play a game
I want to be able to roll a dice

>As a board game player,
So that I know how many steps I should move
Rolling a dice should give me a number between 1 and 6

>As a dice app developer,
So that I give players a good game experience
I want the dice roll to be randomly picked

>As a board game player,
So that I can play many types of games
I want to be able to roll any number of dice at the same time

>As a board game player,
So that I know what my score was when I rolled several dice
I want to get the result of each dice roll

We can see from the stories (and for the definition of the project itself) that we only need one object, a dice. and that it will receive the message to roll.

### First story

We will focus in the first story first.

>As a board game player,
So that I can play a game
I want to be able to roll a dice

First we need to feature test that the object dice respond to the roll messeage.

```shell
$ irb -r ./lib/dice.rb
2.2.3 :001 > d = Dice.new
NameError: uninitialized constant Dice
	from (irb):1
	from /Users/saicam/.rvm/rubies/ruby-2.2.3/bin/irb:11:in <main>
```

As we can see we don't have any Dice constant class, so let make it.

In [dice.rb](./lib/dice.rb) we add:

```ruby
class Dice
end
```
 In the next feature test I can see Dice exist.

 ```shell
 2.2.3 :001 > d = Dice.new
 => #<Dice:0x007f9ee8a72db0>
 ```

 Now we need to do a test to check if it responds to `roll`.

 In [dice_spec.rb](./lib/dice_spec.rb) we add:

 ```ruby
 require "dice"

 describe Dice do
   it { is_expected.to respond_to :roll }
 end
 ```

 Now we have a test we don't pass, let's try to make it pass.

 To make the Dice respond to `roll` we need to define that method in [dice.rb](./lib/dice.rb) by adding:

 ```ruby
 def roll
 end
 ```

It is time to commit and push this new feature of our program.

 With this our test is Green and we move on the next user story.

 ### Second story

We will focus in the second story for this part.
 >As a board game player,
 So that I know how many steps I should move
 Rolling a dice should give me a number between 1 and 6

In this story we see that the user expect to get a number between 1 and 6 when `roll` the dice. Lets test it in irb first.

```shell
2.2.3 :001 > d = Dice.new
 => #<Dice:0x007ff8a4046b00>
2.2.3 :002 > score = d.roll
 => nil
 ```
We get nil from this, we need to add a test for this feature in [dice_spec.rb](./lib/dice_spec.rb).

```ruby
it 'gives a number between 1 and 6 when rolled' do
  expect(subject.roll).to be_between(1, 6)
end
```

We add some code to pass this test.
